Stop
madam
What else do you want? Why did you hit him again?
Madam, if he doesn't obey, he should be beaten
You actually raped your daughter-in-law
Our village is like this
If he doesn't obey, he will be beaten and educated
Let you go
But I want to take him away
Why did you take him away?
That's their couple's business
Please let them go
Yes, ma'am.
I am a daughter-in-law of Guiying
Just let me take him back
Mom
After all, he just saved my life
And I don't want to see him continue to be beaten
I'm taking him away
And he's more like the mother I remember
Let's take him back and check it out
Bucheon, let's go
Hey, you, me
Hey, what can we do?
Brother, don't worry.
Wei Ying is just a lost mute
I will definitely kick him out of the Zhang family
Welcome to the old lady